fix unnecessary line break in the middle of a word. (#3028)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/java/message-passing.mdx

Workflows listen for Updates by the update's name.

Use the `@UpdateMethod` annotation to handle Updates in the Workflow interface.

> The handler method can accept multiple serial izable input parameters, but it's recommended to use only a single parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The handler method can accept multiple serializable input parameters, but it's recommended to use only a single parameter.
```
